doc: add filtered list query (#4393)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/cli/migration/identity-claim-changes.mdx

There are no breaking changes to your GraphQL API when using the new default identity claim. The resolvers will store these values in your DynamoDB tables in the format of `<sub>::<username>`, and return `username` to the client code by default.

> While the other directives will work as they currently expected to function (ie. `@searchable`, `@function`), using custom queries to your databases may need to be changed. For example, if you are performing a query with the `filter` parameter, you will need to change it from using the `filter` query with just 1 argument to using an `or` conditional statement like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the other directives will work as they currently expected to function (i.e. `@searchable`, `@function`), using custom queries to your databases may need to be changed. For example, if you are performing a query with the `filter` parameter, you will need to change it from using the `filter` query with just 1 argument to using an `or` conditional statement like the following:
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Would it be helpful here to show both the old behavior ( list query with single parameter ) and the new behavior ( like this one ) so that the reader could understand the difference ?

Author: Yep! That works for me.

Author: @sachscode I think less words is easier to understand. I don't know if we should add the old snippet because it might be confusing to show the before and after.
